did you get a job yet no I have feelers
out lots so you're a fan of our morning
program coming up tomorrow we'll show
you what to do with those shampoo
bottles with just an inch of shampoo
that day breaks understaffed underfunded
any juicer works there will be publicly
ridiculed overworked on the pain oh I'll
take it I'd like to offer you the
position of co-host of daybreak after
the career that I've had you gotten to
be a pretentious fatuous idiot virtuous
idiot who makes three times what you may
be so now is an excellent time for you
to take up drinking is offended by a
word in the next story
it's about Easter chicks not saying the
word fluffy interesting Jerry hired you
know polish no pedigree tomorrow Colleen
will make the British classic bangers
and mash because you refused to do it
Mike that's tough to get between you and
a sausage wasn't that bad
[Music]
how reliable is your alarm clock you
want to make the ratings worse that's
why you came here try not to bore the
nation into a coma with your dumb ass
sucking mic no one can do their jobs
around here well because you can't be
bothered to do yours
and we're back welcome back to daybreak
it's only my job it's not my whole life
[Music]
but you were taken from me
you see that's wrong do it again
[Music]